( high-pitched tone)
( crackling )
(both groaning)
What's the matter with you?
I'm the one that just
got shocked.
Yeah, well if you noticed we're
in contact down here.
Man, I got that one
through my ears.
Can you hold still?
Yeah, you know, I could get you
something to stand on.
Listen, I'm almost finished.
So what is it?
Some kind of Peacekeeper
comms enhancer.
Incomplete installation, though.
Moya must have been called into
service as a prisoner transport
before it was finished.
(oscillating tone)
Sweeping Moya's systems
is droid work.
Pilot:
It is vital work.
Any Peacekeeper technology that
remains on Moya may still pose
a threat to us.
It must be identified
and removed.
D'Argo:
How many more Peacekeeper
devices do you expect to find, anyway?
There's no way of knowing.
That's why we must continue
these sweeps.
And the DRDs all have their
regular maintenance duties
to perform.
Despite this, l have assigned
two to assist you.
Two?! Out of hundreds.
How generous of you.
How much longer do you expect
this to take?
That is not a legitimate
quesﬂon.
Considering, as l have
just stated,
l have no data on how many
Peacekeeper devices may
still be concealed.
It will take as long
as it takes.
Look, out here in the Uncharted
Territories,
aren't we a little out of range
for the Peacekeeper radar?
It's possible that Crais might
get close enough to us to
reactivate devices like these.
You may have noticed, he seems
determined to follow us, no
matter where we go.
(oscillating tone)
( frustrated sigh )
(DRDs beeping)
Pilot, I've found some
Peacekeeper control panel.
Pilot:
Can you confirm?
Yes, these are Peacekeeper
markings.
Tell me what I should
do with it.
(static):
Be very careful... which wire...
pull.
One is a direct link to
the propulsion unit.
Pilot, I can't understand you.
What should I do?
( static )
Pilot!
( static continues )
( D'Argo screams )
(grunting)
Pilot!
Pilot, what tier is he on?
Pilot:
l have no indications.
DRDs are searching, but so far,
no sign of him.
D'Argo, can you answer us?
Pilot, where was he last time
you talked to him?
Tier 21.
Peacekeepehn
l have a Peacekeeper
device down here.
( static):
What should... do?
l have a Peacekeeper device
down here.
D'Argo, some kind of
Peacekeeper what?
D'Argo, where are you?
(grunting)
(surprised yell)
What the hell was that?
Pilot:
I've got D'Argo back and
I've got him on scan.
I'm reading some kind of
explosion.
Pilot, what tier is D'Argo on?
He's not on any tier.
What do you mean?
My name is John Crichton,
an astronaut...
...a radiation wave hit and I
got shot through a wormhole...
Now I'm lost in some distant
part of the universe on a ship,
a living ship, full of strange
alien life-forms...
Help me...
Listen, please.
Is there anybody out there
who can hear me?
...being hunted by an insane
military commander...
...doing everything I can...
I'm just looking for
a way home.
Aeryn:
Got him.
Pilot, bringing him in now.
He's frozen stiff and he
isn't breathing.
Crichton:
He was in space for half an hour
and there's no way that he's still...
Zhaan:
We must get his respiration
started again.
John, what are you doing? Stop!
Hasn't he suffered enough?
That won't help!
Turn him.
Turn him. Quick.
His pulses are faint.
Deep space interna-thermia.
Maybe he was out there too long.
How long can Luxans survive
in vacuum?
About a quarter of an arn.
Maybe.
Unless they're revived
soon after.
(ship rumbling)
Pilot...
is there something going on
with Moya?
Come on, big guy.
Come on, give me one of those
nasty, smelly breaths.
Give him a chance, John.
( D'Argo gasping)
Whoa!
Pilot, where am I?
Lo'laan.
Lo'laan?
Zhaan:
How do you feel, D'Argo?
I'll be all right.
Didn't think I could be that
clumsy, did you?
Lo'laan...
D'Argo, what happened?
What happened with the
explosion?
You mentioned "Peacekeeper."
Did you find a Peacekeeper
device?
l, uh...
I don't remember.
He's unconscious again
but he will survive.
(power dipping)
Pilot, what is going on
with Moya?
Something is wrong?
Aeryn:
Yes, something is wrong.
What about that dip that Moya
took after the explosion?
Have you identified that yet?
Working on it.
Crichton:
You feeling okay?
I'm... working on it.
Getting some odd readings from
some of Moya's systems.
What are these?
Looks like debris.
Crichton:
It's from the, uh, explosion.
(power dipping)
Pilot, what was D'Argo's last
known location?
Right before the explosion?
Uh, tier 21. Aft section.
You okay here?
Yeah.
Lead me that way.
I'm coming with you.
Pilot, how're we doing?
Are we close?
Pilot?
Pilot:
I... believe so.
No further data.
I've been trying to send some
DRDs to assist you but they're
not responding.
Aren't responding?!
I'm working to sort it all out.
(groaning)
Will...
will get back to you.
Whatever's affecting Moya
is bugging Pilot, too.
The explosion.
They have a symbiotic
fusion, right?
Mm-hmm.
Pilot's tendrils run all
through the ship.
Maybe D'Argo set off something
that struck them both.
Man, I am never going to get
used to walking around inside
a living ship.
You have nothing similar
in your culture?
Well, "Jonah and the Whale", but
no, no contemporary parallels.
Except maybe the horse
and rider.
Rider? Is the horse a beast
of burden?
They aren't as large or
sophisticated as Moya here
but kind of similar.
Loyal and intelligent.
That you capture and make
work for you?
Yeah, but we love them, too.
You love what you enslave.
We don't enslave them.
All right, we... all right...
fine. We enslave them.
What is that smell?
Smell?
( sniffing )
Yeah, the air. It's stale.
Pilot, we got a couple of your
little DRD buddies with us
down here after all.
(gasping)
I don't read any Drds
in that section.
Well, they're down here.
(grunting)
(warbling buzz)
(electronic buzzing )
Look out.
Pilot, the scanner seems to
be working less efficiently
than usual.
Pilot?
John, what...?
Aeryn and l were just ambushed
by a couple of DRDs.
Crichton.
Yeah, Aeryn, I'm working on it.
Any suggestions?
Oh, no, don't touch it.
It's like super glue.
Hang on a minute.
What's this?
There's something else
here, look.
Yeah. Looks like that stuff
that was on D'Argo.
I took all that I could from
his hair and clothes.
The scan shows that he may
have aspirated and ingested
some, as well.
Hey, Zhaan.
Could that be part of what's
wrong with D'Argo?
It shouldn't be. The particles
are bio-mechanoid,
just like Moya.
But I think you're right.
They're fragments from Moya's
biopolymer structure.
From the explosion.
Aeryn:
Crichton, have you gotten
a solvent yet?
Yeah, but look at them.
They're identical.
Since when is debris from an
explosion that uniform?
Crichton!
Zhaan said this solvent should
do the trick, but it's
very strong
so I've got to get it only on
the DRD gunk, not on your hand.
Right.
And then we have to rinse it
immediately afterwards
Right, right. Right, let's just
hurry up, shall we?
Excuse me for being careful, but
this stuff could eat through
your skin down to...
Okay, so let's avoid that.
My thought exactly. 80 pipe down
and hold still.
You know I'm going to track down
that stinking little droid and
rip off both its antennae.
Happy place, Aeryn.
Go to your happy place.
Look, there's obviously
something wrong with the DRDS.
We've just got to figure out
what it is before they do some
serious damage to the ship.
If they haven't already.
Okay.
Try it again.
(grunting)
Good.
Good, good. It's working.
Oh, wonderful. At this rate
I'll have two whole fingers
free by tomorrow.
( chuckles )
It's good. You're being
funny again.
You know, you're lucky it only
got your hand and your shoe.
If you'd gotten this stuff
on another body part
it'd be you and Pilot permanent
fixtures on this ship.
Oh, let me guess, is that
you being funny?
This is ridiculous.
Well, it's going to work.
Eventually.
(grunting)
Trust me.
Hey, easy. You're going to
rip your hand off.
(grunts)
See?
Told you it'd work.
A bio-mechanoid virus?
Yeah, left behind by
the Peacekeepers.
As what, another passive weapon
like the paddac beacon?
Exactly. D'Argo must've found
something, did something,
to release it.
Still sting?
Solvent's off, I think.
Good.
Feels fine.
Listen,
if it is a virus which has
infected Moya's systems,
that may be what's got
ahold of Pilot.
D'Argo's still freaking
all over the ship.
That may not be because of
the time he spent outside.
It might be because
of the virus.
But you're saying that this
virus is bio-mechanoid.
That means it shouldn't be able
to affect Pilot or D'Argo.
Well, something is.
And if it is a virus in Moya's
system, it may be in the
atmosphere generators,
which means we could be
breathing it in right now.
The air is stale in here
and the room is cold.
Not exactly what you need,
recovering from interna-thermia.
but I'll see if I can't do
something about it for you.
Lo'laan, you must stop
worrying about me.
You work way too hard.
You are so beautiful.
I can only dream it is because
I make you as happy as
you make me.
I'm glad that I make you
happy, sweet D'Argo,
but I also want to
make you well.
I'm never more alive and healthy
than when I'm with you.
When you look at me,
what do you see?
Hmm, I see...
my future.
No matter what the others say,
| see you and me together.
D'Argo.
Tell me.
Let me help you. Who is Lo'laan?
I don't know. Maybe that's why
the air smells so stale.
Why?
Because of the virus.
It's all over the ship.
That's a hasty conclusion.
Let's wait and see what
Zhaan's analysis shows.
Look, Moya's a living
being, right?
And there are viruses galore
out here in the galaxy.
I mean, what are our chances
that we're going to catch the
Carubian plague or something?
Well, it all depends on each
creature's immune systems,
whether they're capable of
fighting off invaders,
or creating an inhospitable
breeding ground.
Right. But, okay,
Sebaceans for example.
Do you have inoculations?
I mean, how do you guys deal
with all the stuff floating
around out here?
Well, we're born and
bred on ships.
We are in a totally
controlled environment
until we're sent off on our
first Peacekeeper assignment.
Oh. So you guys just zip around
the galaxy hoping you don't
pick up some STD...
space transmitted disease?
No. We're issued a standard
number of inoculations,
as you call them,
against all known destructive
bacterial and viral matter.
Do we have any of that on board?
And if some new, malicious
organism is discovered,
our scientists engineer
an anti-substrate,
a growth blocker,
to stop it from affecting
our system.
So basically, you... you have
no disease.
Basically, yes.
What about Moya?
If anything attacks one of
her systems, she starts
fighting back.
Aeryn, you were born to this.
I mean, this science, you've
had it your whole life.
You have no idea how advanced
this all is to me.
I think I do.
No, I don't think so.
Disease and death are rampant
on my world.
Bacteria and viruses destroy
crops, animals, people, at...
at incalculable rates.
Well, each ecosystem has
its own logic,
so maybe yours is a simpler way
of keeping populations under
control.
No. No, no, no, this is
a better way.
The suffering which you've
managed to avoid with your
science is immeasurable.
Creatures still die out here.
And we find new ways to suffer
and to make others suffer.
Well, I never said earth had
a monopoly on that.
But you say that you want to go
back to this place, Earth.
A place that you tell me has so
much disease and suffering.
Well, you guys don't
have chocolate.
(electronic chirping)
-Aeryn.
-What?
Oh, that's spoiled.
The refrigeration unit
mustn't be working.
Oh...
Whoa!
That definitely ain't working.
Pilot.
Yes?
We got another systems
malfunction to report.
Not... a... malfunction.
I'm seeing...
seeing signs of... inten...
Pilot.
lnten... intentional...
sabotage.
(gasping)
(explosive rumbling )
Moya's struggling to
compensate, to take
control for Pilot.
I can't revive him.
Aeryn, is he dead?
No, but his vitals are
extremely low.
We'll do what we can for him as
soon as we get the ship stable.
I'm getting a lot of peaks
and valleys, here.
Zhaan:
Every system Pilot monitored
is out of control.
Moya's showing major
chemical surges.
It's the virus.
(engines quieting)
Crichton:
How'd you do that?
I think this control is ballast.
And this,
(electronic chirping)
is illumination.
Aeryn...
thanks, you've done it.
I don't know how.
(whispering: )
When Aeryn was injected
with Pilot's DNA
it must've made some kind
of permanent change.
But that was all flushed
out of her.
Was it?
(engine humming)
Aeryn, whatever you're doing,
just keep doing it.
Moya's still working to assume
more control of systems.
She is trying.
But environmentals are still
malfunctioning.
Atmospherics are at a minimum.
What we're breathing now
is all that we've got.
Hmm...
Oh, that's oh.
Hmm... hmm...
Mm... hmm...
Oh, that's... beaut...
Oh, that, oh...
Hmm...
( stifled yawn )
Oh! Uh, uh...
l was just trying to, um...
I know exactly what you're
doing, Jothee.
"Jothee"?
Come here, boy.
"Boy"?
Now.
Oh, no, D'Argo this... this
isn't what it looks like.
I'm not...
Oh, oh!
You're crushing me.
(grunting and groaning)
(fearful stammering )
Now.
What did I say about going
through other people's things?
What is the matter with you?
Hmm...?
Ow!
(laughing)
How dare you handle me this way?
(growling: )
Jothee!
You are so big.
Oh! My size is never a
matter for discussion.
Hey, uh...
I think I know why you're upset.
You're old enough now to realize
that, well...
we're outsiders here.
You look different to the others
and they're treating you
like a stranger.
"Strange" is right.
Well, I know exactly
how you feel.
You know, when your mother's
family first saw me...
What about my mother?
They despised me.
So that's why we had
to get away.
Not far enough.
Well, we came to a place where
no one could tell us
what we thought and
felt was wrong.
Well, I'm telling you.
You're wrong.
Wrong, wrong, wrong...
( playful growling )
(tortured laughing )
(laughing)
Oh, I love you, son.
"Son"? You think I'm you're s...
My, son.
No matter what happens,
I will always love you.
Pilot's tendrils run all
through this ship.
He could've picked up the virus
anywhere, on any tier.
( sneezes )
You okay?
Mm, the air is getting staler.
Yeah, but are you going
to be okay?
For a while, thanks.
Hey, Zhaan.
Hmm?
Can this ship function
without Pilot?
Theoretically, yes. Moya is an
independent living being.
Pilot and the DRDs are merely
servicers in aid of
her operation.
What about the environmentals?
The lights, the air?
Those things are not here to
help keep Moya functioning.
They're here for us.
And Pilot controlled those.
Is there any way for us to
communicate with Moya?
Without Pilot?
I know of none.
I've found something.
Aeryn, what you got?
From what I can read of Pilot's
personal monitoring system
his blood is being
nutrient-starved.
Now, it may not be the only
reason he's unconscious
but it's all I can figure
out for now.
The virus must be starving him.
Get him some nutrients.
I'm on it.
Except it's not a virus.
This test just confirmed that
the particles are not a distinct
organism, like a virus.
They're actually made up of
Moya's genetic material.
They are a part of Moya.
They... they must be fragments
from the explosion.
No, they can't be fragments.
They're all perfectly
uniform in size.
But, John, they are a
part of Moya.
Just before the accident,
D'Argo said he saw some...
Peacekeeper something.
Yes.
Whatever it is, that must
be the answer.
Well, Pilot, I hope this works.
(rumbling)
Oh, no.
Where's D'Argo?
Rygel's watching him.
Rygel?
Rygel? You are not sleeping?!
No, I'm not sleeping.
D'Argo tucked me in and
went for a walk.
He thinks I'm someone
called Jothee.
D'Argo is not with you?
No. Are you not listening?
He went for a walk, and he's
looking for Lo'laan.
Lo'laan.
That's what he called
you earlier.
Mmm.
How you doing?
lfeel...
unsteady.
Yeah.
Look, |, uh, I know a
little while ago
you were floating in deep space
in your street clothes,
and I know you're going through
some stuff because of it,
but we're in deep guano
here, bro.
We need your help.
You need me, Macton?
Macton?
D'Argo, I'm not Macton.
Is this like that name you
called Zhaan?
Was it...
Lo'laan.
Who's Lo'laan?
D'Argo:
You may despise your sister
for marrying me, Macton,
but don't mock her by feigning
to forget her name.
Marry.
W-wait a minute, these
people are real?
You were married?
Crichton.
Yeah, D'Argo it's me.
And you're here. On Moya.
Look, we've got trouble.
Big trouble.
We need to know what
happened down there.
What caused the explosion.
We need to know what you saw.
Explosion.
lwas...
l was in some kind of shaft.
There was a shield.
A Peacekeeper shield.
It was holding something back.
Holding back wha...?
(roaring)
Macton, you dare to deny
your own sister's name?
You dare to dishonor her even
though she is dead?!
(agonized sobbing )
Crichton, are you sure this
is such a good idea?
I really can't be certain
of what I'm reading,
what I'm doing.
We don't have a choice, Aeryn.
D'Argo said he found
some kind of...
Peacekeeper shield in a shaft
we have to locate.
Can't D'Argo tell us?
Damn.
(grunting)
No, Aeryn, his memory's
all over the map.
Short-circuited.
Aeryn, we got to be getting
close to the source.
I'm down to emergency lighting
in this section.
Uh-oh. Eyes.
Eyes?
Yeah, like a cave scene in a
Yosemite Sam cartoon.
DRDs, they're blocking
the passageway.
I got to find another route.
There should be parallel
passageways that vector off
on that tier.
I think.
You think?
Look, do you want to come up
here and try and handle these
thousands of controls?
No, no, no, no, I'm vectoring.
l'm... vectoring.
Aeryn? I need a fix on my
current location.
(beeping squeals)
(more beeping squeals)
Holy mother of...
Aeryn?!
Aeryn, shut down the DRDs.
Don't be ridiculous, Crichton.
Just do it!
( panting exhale)
So, where are Rygel and D'Argo?
D'Argo took his son
on an excursion.
What are we going to do about
these? They're vital servicers.
We need them operational.
Well, they're not exactly
operational as it is, Aeryn.
You missed that Hitchcock
picture playing back there a
little while ago,
but a flock of these little guys
just tried to kill me.
And they're not shooting
glue anymore.
Could this be related to what
we've been calling "the virus"?
Crichton:
No, you're right.
It's not a virus.
These guys aren't bio-mechanoid.
They're entirely mechanical.
Wires, gears, servos.
No, a virus wouldn't have
any effect at all.
No, they only do what someone
tells them to do.
But Pilot is unconscious.
Pilot isn't the only one
who controls them.
Moya?
You're saying that...
that Moya ordered the DRDs
to try to kill you?
The DRDs, the shutdown
of the environmentals.
Do you think that Moya is
causing all of this?
Moya has an independent
intellect, right?
Well, maybe the explosion that
D'Argo was involved in
short-circuited that,
or maybe she consciously
cut off Pilot's resources,
in order to prevent him from
keeping us alive.
Our beloved ship may be
trying to kill us.
It would be so much more
efficient to bring up this
data on the view screen.
We can't access Moya's intellect
without letting her know
what we're doing.
I can't believe Moya
doesn't know.
Well, do you know what a few
bacteria are doing
inside of you?
No, you don't know unless
you get a symptom.
My body carries no bacteria.
Aeryn, is this all of them?
I'm sure there's a lot more.
What, exactly are you
expecting to do?
l'm, uh, trying to find a direct
access to Moya's higher
functions.
We may have to shut her down.
But that'd be like...
like when Moya was still wearing
the Peacekeeper control collar.
What if we can't get
it up again?
It may be the only way
to save her.
(rumbling)
And us.
I think the most direct access
point is going to be
in Pilot's chamber.
Aeryn?
You and l, we may have
one other chance.
Rygel, where are you?
Getting a piggyback ride!
Well, see if you can get a ride
back up to command.
You must hold still.
We're up in the mountains,
and the air is very thin.
So, it's mountains now.
Do you know I sincerely believe
you require physical restraints?
You're going to make things
very difficult for your
old man if you...
Hello, D'Argo.
Lo'laan.
The more I know you,
the more I love you.
And the less I understand.
How could you give up everything
to love someone like me?
Yes, sweet D'Argo.
I do so love you, too.
D'Argo:
I am never going to let
you from my life.
D'Argo?
Yes?
I need your help.
Anything.
We are in great danger.
We're in no danger.
Not here.
They're not looking for us
anymore. We're safe.
You, me and Jothee.
We are not safe. Our ship...
Our ship is gone.
l destroyed it soon
after we landed.
There's no way they can
trace us here.
Where is here, sweet D'Argo?
D'Argo!
Macton.
What are you doing?
Here?
With her?
You keep your hands off
my sister.
Your sister?
You have nothing to say
on this, Macton.
l have everything to say on it.
l reject you and l reject
your marriage.
No! You think yourself worthy
of her, when you cower
from her memory.
Her memory burns in
my very soul.
You...
you're dead.
D'Argo.
You have to remember.
I don't want to.
You must. You must remember
everything.
( screams )
Crichton...
D'Argo!
-Remember!
-You killed her!
To keep her from me,
you killed Lo'laan.
Her own brother killed her?
I never had the chance.
You were so young.
I never had the chance to tell
you why your mother and l
went away from the world
that we knew.
Jothee,
please understand.
I had to send you away.
l was charged with your
mother's murder.
Before they could arrest me,
I got you to another
planet safely away.
To a place where I prayed that
Macton and others like him
would never find you.
I had no other choice.
But I can't be sure that you
have remained safe until I see
you again.
I can't...
D'Argo.
When Macton arrested me,
he still had her dried blood
on his hands.
Macton?
I thought you were arrested
by a Peacekeeper.
It was quite a coup for him.
Macton was a Peacekeeper?
lf... if he was a Peacekeeper,
then Lo'laan was...
Your family.
I remember it all.
D'Argo, the explosion
here on Moya.
Do you remember where?
I'm inside the access point to
Moya's higher functions.
I'm almost through the
shutdown procedure.
Zhaan:
We understand, Aeryn.
If you can isolate the
source of the problem
then we may not have to shut
down Moya's higher functions.
But be careful, John.
You may be going right in to
where the particles are
most concentrated.
I can't do it.
I can't get through.
There's no way to shut down
Moya's higher functions.
But I do have access.
I can cut the connections.
Cut them?
Permanently?
This isn't my decision alone.
If I do this, we all have
to be a part of it.
Cut em.
lt's somewhere around here.
It can't be. Aeryn and I
checked this...
No. This way.
The DRDs have sealed it up.
( cutting )
All right, D'Argo, I'm in.
Where's the Peacekeeper panel?
What do you see?
Infinity.
Well, then, you're close
either way.
Thanks a lot.
l've reached a ridge.
Just keep going.
It's not much further.
You better be right, 'cause I
think I'm running low on oxygen.
l'm through the
protective casing.
I'm going in.
I think I've found it.
I'm at the Peacekeeper shield.
It's definitely holding
back the particles.
John, can you see the source?
Hang on.
There's something further down.
Zhaan:
You can't go much further, John.
John, you're almost at
the end of the cable.
I've found the other opening.
There's something through here,
some sort of cavern.
Aeryn:
Okay, I'm cutting now.
John, Aeryn is through.
She's beginning to sever
Moya's higher functions.
Oh, my God.
Crichton, what do you see?
( cutting )
Zhaan:
John...
John, can you hear me?
D'Argo:
Crichton, what do you see?
I'm not sure.
Zhaan, how much do you know
about, uh...
Leviathan physiology?
Not a great deal. Why?
Do you know how they reproduce?
Reproduce?
Yeah, I think, uh...
I think Moya's pregnant.
That's why the particles
are bio-mechanoid.
Yeah, it's a catalyst.
A catalyst for pregnancy.
Then Moya hasn't been trying
to kill us after all.
No. She's...
protecting her baby.
Aeryn:
...cutting... almost...
Aeryn, what was that?
I said I'm almost done.
The higher functions are
almost severed.
-No. Aeryn, stop!
-No. Aeryn, do you hear me!
Aeryn! Listen, you got
to stop cutting.
-Stop!
-If you hear us...
Damn it, Aeryn! Listen to me!
You got to stop cutting!
Now!
All right, stopped.
Why?
We'll explain later.
Just put down the saw.
Moya,
I wish there some way that I
could communicate with you,
and let you know that what
you're doing to nourish
yourbaby
is killing Pilot,
and us.
The DRDs.
The baby needs the DRDs.
We're killing the baby.
Aeryn!
You got to turn back on
the DRDs.
What?
-What is going on down there?
-Aeryn, turn back on
the DRDs now!
Moya...
I don't know if you can hear me
through this DRD.
Hell, I don't even know if you
can understand me without
Pilot translating.
But we would never hurt
you or your baby.
We're happy that you're
having a child.
But do we have to die
so that your baby can live?
Zhaan:
Fresh air.
Crichton, the atmosphere's
back on.
We can breathe again.
Oh, man...
I bet that thing's going
to grow.
Pilot, we're all very glad
to see you up and back
on your feet.
At least up, anyway.
I'm feeling much better,
thank you.
Here's what I don't understand.
How can Moya do this without
your permission?
I'm here to serve her.
She may do whatever she feels
is necessary to ensure
her survival.
And now, I suppose, that extends
to her offspring as well.
To nourish the fetus during the
very tenuous period right
aﬁerconcepﬂon
Moya needed to reroute
a few resources.
Ha! A few resources?
She nearly suffocated ours
and starved you.
That is all behind us.
The fetus is alive and well.
Pilot, there must be other
changes to come as the
fetus develops.
What can we be expecting?
Yeah. Is there some kind of
"What To Expect When
You're Expecting A Baby Leviathan" book?
Dr. Spock? Mr. Spock?
I'm afraid Pilots are not privy
to any special knowledge
regarding the gestation cycle
of Leviathans.
Speaking frankly, I don't know
what we can be expecting.
Well, whatever it is,
we have to remember
the Peacekeepers put up a shield
to keep it from happening.
How are you feeling?
I never had the chance
to say thank you.
Thank me?
Outside the ship, you came
after me in the Prowler.
In all the excitement,
I'd forgotten all about it.
You're welcome.
Your wife's brother,
the one who...
the Peacekeeper.
ls his name Macton?
Macton Towl.
I don't know him.
May | see her?
She's quite beautiful.
Does it surprise you that such a
Sebacean woman would love me?
D'Argo, it's ingrained in
Peacekeepers from birth that we
must keep the bloodlines pure.
That such unions are evil.
Do you therefore think that
my son is evil?
No.
Because in his eyes,
| see you.
D'Argo, no matter what
happens to us,
I will never tell anyone
about your son.